                 GetDP is copyright (C) 1997-2022

                          Patrick Dular

                               and

                       Christophe Geuzaine
                     <cgeuzaine at uliege.be>

                       University of Liege

Major code contributions to GetDP have been provided by Johan Gyselinck, Ruth
Sabariego, Michael Asam, Bertrand Thierry, Francois Henrotte, Guillaume
Dem\'esy. Other code contributors include: David Colignon, Tuan Ledinh, Patrick
Lefevre, Andre Nicolet, Jean-Francois Remacle, Timo Tarhasaari, Christophe
Trophime, Marc Ume, Peter Binde and Louis Denis. See the source code for more
details.

Thanks to the following folks who have contributed by providing fresh ideas on
theoretical or programming topics, who have sent patches, requests for changes
or improvements, or who gave us access to exotic machines for testing GetDP:
Olivier Adam, Alejandro Angulo, Geoffrey Deliege, Mark Evans, Philippe Geuzaine,
Eric Godard, Sebastien Guenneau, Daniel Kedzierski, Samuel Kvasnica, Benoit
Meys, Uwe Pahner, Georgia Psoni, Robert Struijs, Ahmed Rassili, Thierry
Scordilis, Herve Tortel, Jose Geraldo A. Brito Neto, Matthias Fenner, Daryl Van
Vorst.

The AVL tree code (src/common/avl.*) is copyright (C) 1988-1993, 1995 The Regents
of the University of California. Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute
this software and its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby
granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation, and that the name of the University of California not be used in
advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without
specific, written prior permission.  The University of California makes no
representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is
provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.

The KissFFT code (src/numeric/kissfft.hh) is copyright (c) 2003-2010 Mark
Borgerding. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: *
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. * Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. * Neither the author nor the names of any contributors may be
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific
prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The picojson code (src/common/picojson.h) is Copyright 2009-2010 Cybozu Labs,
Inc., Copyright 2011-2014 Kazuho Oku, All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

This version of GetDP may contain code (in the contrib/Arpack subdirectory)
written by Danny Sorensen, Richard Lehoucq, Chao Yang and Kristi Maschhoff from
the Dept. of Computational & Applied Mathematics at Rice University, Houston,
Texas, USA. See http://www.caam.rice.edu/software/ARPACK/ for more info.

This version of GetDP may contain code (in the contrib/Sparskit subdirectory)
copyright (C) 1990 Yousef Saad: check the configuration options.
